No, I returned it.
Hey, what are you following up to join in the fun?
I let him in.
Thank you Tang Lu
Thank you, Sister Xiaotong, there is shrimp downstairs, and the milk tea is delicious.
Why don't you go buy two cups?
Oh.
Hao Xiaotong
You can buy milk tea.
Xiao Zhang stays
Go, oh, I see.
You come here
Tang Yu, what's the matter with you today?
What kind of mouth do you have as an intern on that occasion?
I asked you to follow me on the case
What is your responsibility for placing an order?
Who gave you so much power?
Tang Lu, I was wrong.
If it's okay
return
Did I let you go?
This kid is so gullible
Don't make up for what's wrong?
Tang Lu, how do you say to make up for it?
Do something for me.
If you perform well
I could consider you as my assistant
Is that true?
I'll be your assistant
Listen to the point
I said do something for me
If you perform well, you can consider it.
I will do well